# Projects-Backup-Script
Portfolio
This Script purpose is to automate the back-up process of the worked on platforms, in this case those platforms are ( PyCharm, Flutter, Django & Bash Scripts ) where even some of the platforms might be inactive just yet but the script will be ready to deal with them when ever they are ready. The most important thing is that you need to specify the path of the projects container folder for each platform along with the external back-up drive and the local back-up location. In the bash case it has some difference as the bash script is just a file and not contained in a folder so a directory will be created first with the same name of the file, then it will be copied to the local back-up folder containing the script file and when compressing to “zip” it will use “-m” to remove the original file.
You will need to use an option with script to specify the platform you want to back-up, as then all the specified platform project will be listed and you will be asked to choose one, if the back-up drive is attached it will ask if you want to back-up either local or external and if not it will back-up locally.
After it is finished it will also check for the external drive and in case of attachment it will ask your permission to to see if all the files in local are in external? If you said “Yes” it will check each platform files and if it found file it will let you know both they exsict and their names and ask permission to back them up. Consider there is an explicit option to check between local and external files.
The outcome from this project is no matter the complexity of the program or the limitation you might face you can always figure it out by trying to simulate the system basic logic.
As the thing that would be great for the future is applying the select loop to this project as it will make so much easier than typing the full name.
